New parameter to fill the wallet instance catalogue (#1124)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/registry.rst

  * - **purposes**
    - REQUIRED. Array of usage purpose IDs for which the Digital Credential can be used, defining specific usage contexts and required claims for each purpose (e.g., ``"IDENTITY_VERIFICATION"``, ``"AGE_VERIFICATION"``, ``"DRIVING_RIGHTS_VERIFICATION"``).
  * - **issuers**
    - REQUIRED. Array of relevant information about authorized Credential Issuers, including administrative and technical data such as Organization name, a reference to the API specification document and supported issuance mechanisms. Each array element contains:

>        * **id**: REQUIRED. String. Unique identifier of the Credential Issuer.

Reviewer: id should match the object

credential_issuer shoud match the VCI by its URI

       * **organization_name_l10n_id**: REQUIRED. String. Localization key referencing the localized organization name in the localization bundle (e.g., ``issuer1.name``).
       * **organization_code**: REQUIRED. String. Credential Issuer IPA code for government entities or VAT number for private entities.
       * **organization_country**: REQUIRED. String. Two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code of the organization.
       * **contacts**: REQUIRED. String. Array of contact email addresses for at least one user-support, one application, and one systems specialist.
       * **legal_type**: REQUIRED. String. Legal classification of the Credential Issuer (e.g., pub-eaa, qeaa, eaa).
       * **homepage_uri**: REQUIRED. String. URL pointing to the organization's homepage.
       * **logo_uri**: OPTIONAL. String. URL to the organization's logo image.
       * **policy_uri**: REQUIRED. String. URL to privacy policy document.
       * **tos_uri**: OPTIONAL. String. URL to terms of service document.

>        * **service_documentation**: OPTIONAL. String. URL pointing to the Authentic Source service documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * **service_documentation_uri**: OPTIONAL. String. URL pointing to the Credential Issuer documentation.
```
